well I'll be there internet people it's
Bo again so tonight we're gonna talk
about a genius we're talking about a
genius for two reasons yesterday and
today today because on December 2nd in
1950 a collection of his short stories
was published under the title I Robot
the stories were written individually
and then kind of cobbled together with
this kind of clumsy framework of
somebody telling the stories to a
reporter if you're gonna read it just
skip that part and read the stories
individually that's what he's known for
science fiction Isaac Asimov and he
should be he should be but he was a
genius in a lot of other ways in 1964 he
made a bunch of predictions about what
life was gonna be like today well five
years ago he was talking about 50 years
in the future so 2014 communications
will become sight sound and you will see
as well as hear the person you telephone
count satellites hovering in space will
make it possible to direct dial any spot
on earth electroluminescent panels will
be in common use ceilings and walls will
glow softly in a variety of colors that
will change at the touch of a button LED
lighting mock turkey and pseudo steak
will be served it won't be bad at all
but there will be considerable
psychological resistance to such
innovation sounds familiar
wall screens will have replaced the
ordinary set talking about your TV an
experimental fusion power plant or two
will already exist large solar power
stations will be in operation only
unmanned ships will have landed on Mars
though a manned expedition will be in
the works the population of the US will
be 315
a little off their vehicles with robot
brains can its a Tesla car said all this
in 1964 think about what was well what
the world was really like then and he
saw this coming and this is what he's
known for
science fiction and stuff like this he
actually published books on all sorts of
things he was a student of history and
he followed politics very closely
followed Watergate very closely I was
not impressed by the argument that it
has spared the nation an ordeal to my
way of thinking the ordeal was necessary
to make certain it would never happen
again he's talking about Nixon basically
walking free after resigning just like
those other predictions he was right
that type of behavior has increased in
frequency and gets excused just like
cheerleaders I mean people just cheering
it along and they use all sorts of
excuses you know well the other guy did
this and each generation of president
goes a little bit further it becomes a
little bit more criminal in nature we
cannot use the past to excuse criminal
actions of today
if this line of thinking continues just
remember next time it may not be the guy
you cheerlead for at some point in time
this has to stop we have to hold our
leaders accountable I said yesterday and
today today was when his book was
published yesterday was World AIDS Day
on April 6 1992
he died AIDS nowhere near the mind that
he was I'm gonna make a prediction of my
own for 50 years from now if we don't
start holding those in the White House
accountable 50 years from now we won't
be talking about impeachment because we
won't have a presidency anyway it's just
a thought y'all have a good night